I've Oaks Jeff from Orange Acres and
today we're going to show you this X
Mountain Lion Orion 1998 transportation
bus so let's go take a peek out of here
these are a Cummins diesel front wheel
drive bus turn down my little radio I
have in here we just took it for a field
trip and great so you can see it's got
some handicapped accessible seating and
you can pull that pull these there you
go
pull that and that goes up like that and
then you can strap down wheelchairs on
the floor chocks that's got one on each
side
so you can do that as well I'm sure you
could probably make some more space if
you needed to by removing some of these
seats but it's got a few real nice ones
on there climb on up here see she's got
359,000 I've been told they're good for
about 500,000 but you never know but at
this price it's what you get we're going
to start this baby up
and wait for the timer to push the
engine start button and fires right up
she's got a full ramp
looking for the air shocks to kick in
here
get that so much air pressure its air
brakes air parking brake their air
conditioning in the roof emergency exit
as well
there's none
so have you got a couple of people on
wheelchairs need to handle a carry
around it's not a problem you can also
also lower the bus
lower and raise the bus so you can lower
down so as a little bit of a
we need to go in and out so pull that up
this is where the controls for the sign
would have been and if you could have a
mountain line you might be able to drive
somebody into changing it for you so
it'll say whatever you want it to say
and look the switch get the door to work
here what it works just fine
so if you want to check this out I don't
know what else you want to look at on it
but it's good above that many passengers
in it okay they care or if you got a you
know retirement home need a media bus
there you go look there's another
the wheelchairs down so give us a call
if you want to take a look at this one
three seven zero five four six six go
give it a walk around here lunch is not
too hot on this side I didn't notice it
but I cut it pulls just a little bit to
the right on the highway so I might need
an alignment you can see this tire on
the back is in fantastic shape yeah I
see the Tigers because they're they're
pretty expensive thing on a bus like
this so you know you're looking three
four hundred dollars I think so
take a look the rest of it they're
pretty good shape all the way around
controls and access to the
engine there
how's he not painting though the yellow
parts in the pink part and just make it
all light on the bottom and maybe a
little patch alight on the top there
leave the top green but you know you can
paint any color you wanted to make a
gravy camper or whatever else Plummer
deals they took their bike rack off the
front you probably have to go and see
where you could buy a new bike rack to
hang on the front of it that'd be kind
of fun to happen give us a call if
you're interested three seven zero five
four six six thanks for tuning in